firstly lets make a dashboard for compnay and admin (fuck students)


basic stuff:

admin:
login as admin no need to register as we are admin
crud company accnts 
crud + approve drives (only after approval it gets shown in the company dasboard)
view stat of drives 
start stop drives 

company 
register + login
crud drives 
start stop drives 



drives have crud each drive and can be specified to clg/grp of students they need to be approved by the admin to be shown 
can have multiple exam type with different questions like apti coding technical hr etc 
so bascially after we create a drive we have to add question to it, with the help of template(eg. of uploading question in form of csv json or text)or have the option for company to upload their questions but in same form of templates
 
admins have full access of drive as well and can see the questions and all when they check the drive in their dasboard

if possible i would like to have the drive stuff seperated like making the drive alag and then drive me questions dalne wala part alag 


itna door tk apna basic kaam hia 


companies will create drive along with questions based on our schema then the whole drive along with the questions will be approved or rejected by the admin

individual drives should have individual question type okay that would make it easier on the backend for evaluation purpose
Each drive should feel like its own standalone test.
That means:
Separate schedule
Separate question set
Separate target
add a “Duplicate Drive” feature :
It would copies all questions, settings, and structure → they can change the name target and other deatils like date etc.

clg student grp data will be part of candidate onboarding process that will be dealt later like part 2 of the 1st part if that makes sense also for drive targetting

go for a hybrid system we can have a college master list which will be like a drop down list and also if the company want to add a new clg then they can via free text which the admin will approve later when approved it will be stored in the db for further use by other clients same goes for the student grps too so there are 2 fields under tagetting clg and student grp

final authority rests with admin they can overide the start pause stop of drive but comapny can start stop too if they want


Any Other Points to Clarify?
Drive Status Flow: Draft → Submitted → Approved/Rejected → Live → Completed?

Question Limits: Any min/max questions per drive?

Drive Duration: Time limits per drive? (e.g., 60 mins for aptitude)

Drive Scheduling: Can companies schedule future dates or only immediate?

Company Registration: Does admin approve new company registrations too?
1. upcomming live ongoing completed 
2. no question limit 
3. yes drives will have a time limit 
4. company can schedule in future 
5. yes admin will approve when a company register for sure this is imp 